[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a fantasy drama film
what dreams may come
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
somewhere in a paradise land of
switzerland while enjoying his peaceful
vocation on his boat
chris happens to meet a girl annie whose
boat collides with his slightly
chris falls in love with such a pretty
and sweet lady soon after their first
meeting
and later takes her back to the united
states where they hold a happy wedding
ceremony
a few years later they have two lovely
children the son
and the daughter one day morning before
heading to school
the daughter asks her mom to pick them
up after school
but since she is pretty busy with a
business meeting that day
annie asks the nanny to do them a favor
instead
chris reminds his son to focus his
attention on the coming math exam
and gives lunch boxes to them before
they're leaving
as the car is driving away slowly chris
sees them off on a county road
filled with fallen violet pedals however
the father never knows that this is his
last time for him to say goodbye to his
two kids
a subsequent car accident claims both
lives suddenly
putting an end to the family's peaceful
life
later at a funeral held in a church the
husband and wife regretted a lot
and hold their hands tightly struggling
hard through the great pains
and trying to bury all their sorrows
deep at their bottom heart
four years later chris becomes a
well-known pediatrician
while annie is focusing on repairing and
drawing oil paintings
one night as it's raining heavily chris
rushes on the highway back to send a
painting to annie
when he reaches a tunnel a car accident
happens right in front of him
he tries his best as a pediatrician to
save the wounded
during that time however another car
crash occurs suddenly
causing a car to lose its control and
smash chris down
deadly he's soon sent for emergent
medical care
but unfortunately he can't survive and
dies at the hospital due to the fatal
injury
in panic chris's soul wanders back home
immediately
believing that he's still alive but only
finds that only the dog can sense him
while he's entirely transparent to his
friends and the wife who's in great
sorrow
and can't stop crying for the loss of
him it is such a huge strike for annie
she has to find her only comfort from
the only living but dying dog with a
terminal disease
she still remembers she intended to take
it for euthanasia previously
but got refused by her daughter back
then
seeing the painting paradise that she
draws as a memory for her late husband
annie recalls the place where they first
met and also their promising plan to
spend the rest of their life there after
retirement
as suggested by the doctor annie keeps
writing her diaries
as a way to ease her depression but for
some reason
she feels he's still around her
especially when chris tries to guide her
to write down his love confession to her
but it can't help anything but just
increase annie's missing of her husband
chris tries to hug her and give her some
companionship
but to no avail for it can't be felt by
annie
realizing that his attempts only cause
more sorrows to her
chris decides to move on later after
walking through a long
bark tunnel chris wakes up to see
himself placed in heaven
which is full of colorful flowers on the
mountain and inhabited by singing birds
chris is astonished to see the flowers
made of wet paint and the dying dog
who seems pretty healthy and runs over
to welcome its master home
later he comes to an old tree and looks
out into the distance
everything looks so vivid and familiar
to him he's so excited to find that he's
actually placed inside the paradise
world drawn by annie
he then yells annie's name to the
distant mountain hoping annie could hear
that
he keeps searching this paradise world
where they dream of spending their old
age
and comes all the way to a lake he loses
his footing
and falls into the lake right then he
sees a man
shouting at him in the far distance the
man named
albert is actually the last one chris
saw before his death in the car accident
albert pulls chris out telling him that
annie created such a paradise world for
him
walking across the lake they see a magic
house with no windows
albert then makes a window on the wall
through which they overlook another
different wonderland
albert tells chris that he can actually
control this world freely with his
imagination
meanwhile on the other side when annie
is drawing a wisteria tree on the
painting
chris spots out a similar purple tree
appearing suddenly in the far
distance once he sees annie dancing at
the foot of the mountain
and her red scarf blown away chris can't
hold his excitement any longer
he yells annie's name and jumps off a
cliff landing lightly on the red flowers
he runs through the red flowers at his
full speed and catches the drifting red
scar finally
later he comes to appreciate the
beautiful wisteria tree
and gets to know that any happenings in
the human world would be simultaneously
reflected in the painting paradise
right then nanny in the other world is
suffering and begins to wipe out the
wisteria tree she's just painted
which however also disappears in the
painting paradise
chris seems to feel annie's pains at
that time and shouts his love out loud
to annie
back to the lake again chris finds a
tiger puppet that his son used to play
with
he's eager to meet his children there
but albert just reminds him that he can
actually wish for anything in his
paradise
after waking up in the magic house the
next day he meets a fairy girl
who brings him into an idyllic world
suddenly where there are no pains and
sufferings
and people can fly freely in the sky
like angels
chris is told that albert's job here is
to rescue those lost souls
after that they come to a boat chris
shares the life story of his daughter
the castle floating above the lake looks
like the same handicraft owned by his
daughter
who believe that's the place humans
would head to after death
while chris told her that it's just a
dreamed world and not real
chris also recalls the game time with a
daughter who was eager to win over him
every time
but to no success she failed every time
until the car accident claimed her life
three months later
chris regrets that a lot and hugs the
fairy girl passionately
who incarnates as his daughter at the
same time full of guilt and with no hope
for life
annie changes in her purple dress and
commits suicide after leaving her last
words on the diary
learning of his wife's death chris falls
into great sorrow
while believing that it might be good
for her to end her sufferings in that
way
albert however tells chris that he would
never see her again
as she would be brought to hell rather
than heaven as a punishment for her
suicide
chris is enraged by that and claims to
rescue any from hell
albert however warns chris that if he
stays with annie for more than a few
minutes
he may be permanently trapped in hell
and can't make his way
back to heaven while the tracker advises
chris that what he can reasonably expect
there
is just a final farewell to annie
despite that
chris is determined to risk his life to
find any there
not long after that chris follows albert
and the tracker to a dark tunnel
which leads them to a roaring sea with
lightning flashing across the sky
while the ghosts trapped there are
struggling underwater
the spirits attacked their boat in anger
and overthrown it soon
they managed to get rid of them and
climb to the beach where they see a
burning ship in the far distance
which is said the only passage to enter
hell
right then chris stops as he could not
feel any
he recalls a rainy afternoon with his
son when they took shelter from the rain
under the tree
talking about the sun's changing school
to somewhere else
the sun was struggling to make a good
performance in his study
and tried to make his father proud of
him while chris encouraged his son to
pursue his dream
and promise that he would always be by
his side
on the journey there hubbard turns to
his son suddenly and wish chris to find
his mom and takes her back
so they all will reunite in heaven chris
parts a ways with him
before continuing his search for annie
moments later by taking the elevator
chris reaches a graveyard
and is astonished to find numerous
skulls of the dead
struggling and groaning on the ground
chris searches carefully
and later catches sight of annie he runs
at her but suddenly loses his footing
and falls all the way to a deep valley
where he finds his now horrific looking
home
with the wisteria blossoming the tracker
conveys that any trapped in hell
would suffer amnesia and can actually
recognize him
he then urges chris to say his quick
goodbye to annie before he's trapped
there forever
chris walks inside his house made from
annie's illusion
but only finds a total mess with rotten
and broken pieces of furniture
annie is later shocked by such an
uninvited visitor
for she is unable to remember her
suicide and her husband
she stays in despair and is surrounded
by the endless darkness only
chris pretends to be her new neighbor
trying not to frighten her
annie begins to complain that she's
totally at a loss for the power outage
and water shortage
she has to suffer right now because of
that
she can't finish her painting before due
time a is later shocked by a giant
spider
and chris tries to calm her down whiling
sitting before her unfinished painting
annie explains that it reminds her of
her dead husband and children very often
this is why she's unwilling to leave the
shabby house
chris tries to remind annie of who he is
by telling her that his kids
also died from a car accident and his
wife was depressed because of that
and turned to blame herself all the time
for not picking them up herself
his wife committed suicide no matter how
hard he tried to bring her out of
depression
and encourage her never to give up the
hope of life right then annie is touched
deeply by a story
and confides that she wants to see her
husband now
chris feels very grad and tells her it's
actually not
difficult to fulfill her dream he then
lets annie close her eyes
and guides her to recall all the details
of their wedding ceremony
where everything seems so sweet and
familiar to her
chris keeps telling annie all the
happenings between them but she still
fails to recall the man standing before
her
unable to stir her memories chris gives
up his quest to save annie from hell
but instead of returning to heaven chris
explains to the tracker that he can't
leave annie to suffer alone there
and would rather join any forever in
hell
later chris returns to annie and
declares to her his intent to stay
as he keeps appeasing her with gentle
words annie regains her memories finally
and recognizes the man accompanying her
but due to his staying there too long
chris starts to feel cold and loses his
consciousness later
by the time he wakes up again he's
surprised to find himself placed in
heaven with annie
and surrounded by fragrant flowers and
singing birds everywhere
they kiss passionately but without
hormone let go on the spot
due to the timely interruption of an
uninvited visitor the tracker
later they reunite happily with their
lovely dog and two kids
chris proposes reincarnation so he and
annie can spend their life together
again
sometime later on a sunny day the baby
chris and fat baby annie
encounter each other again in the same
way as the first meeting at their
adulthood
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out